Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement the home component before we implement it.
Let's talk about how we will handle it.
First of all, the home component will be our default page.
We will create a page like this on the home page.
We will list all books with bootstrap costs.
These books can be purchased by customers, of course, to buy them.
Customers should sign in to implement this page.
We will benefit from book service and purchase service methods and we will assign these service methods
with each HTML form data.
So we described the listing books and purchasing book service methods in the previous lessons.
In this lesson, we will use those methods and we will assign them to the home component.
OK, now we can implement it.
I'll open the home component.
We will display the books in the home HTML so we should create a book list as a variable and type of
it will be an array of books.
Secondly, I need the book icon to show in book courts I can handle it by font.
Awesome.
Our lost variables will be added message and info, message and type of them will be.
We will use them to show error or success messages if they occur.
For example, a user should be signed in to purchase a book.
We will show it with error message or when purchase is successfully completed, we will show the info
message.
Then we can inject our services on the constructs.
First of all, we will use authentication service to get the current user.
Secondly, we need the book service to call the get all books and points.
Finally, we need purchase service to call the purchase book handsprings.
Then we can implement the NGO in its methods.
In this method, we will set the book lists.
I will call the book service method, then I will set the results to Booklist.
Now we can create our purchase method as a parameter, we will expect that book in this method, we
will call the purchase service purchase matters and we will handle the response to purchase a book users
should sign in.
So, first of all, I check whether the current user is available or not.
I can get the current user from the authentication service and I can check the idea of the user if it
is not exist.
I am going to set the error message as you should log in to buy a book.
Then I create the purchase object and sent it for creating the purchase item on the shelf purchase object
needs three fields, use it in the book idea and price.
I can get the user idea from the current user, then I can get the book idea and price from the parameter.
My parameter is a book object and the book object has idea and price fields'.
Then I'll call the purchase service, save purchase methods, and I sent the purchase object with it.
Then I will subscribe to the save purchase function, because the same purchase function is an observable
item if the same purchase operation is completed successfully.
I will get a response as data.
If the mission is successfully completed, I can show it as an info message information which can be
like mission is completed.
Then I will implement the Ed block, if there is an error, we shall set the error message.
We can set it like unexpected error.
OK, just put the bucket.
We can also write the error on the console.
OK, now our home component is ready, now we will implement our home, give let's open the home estimate.
First of all, let's clear the contents, then I start to write HDMI content using the format plug.
We generally use the container to wrap the whole contents, and I want to add some padding to the top
of the container.
We need an ED block to display error message.
You know that we describe the error message variable on the component.
We can use it to display errors if there is ocurred, error on the server, connection to show it.
We will use a division element.
This element.
We'll have two classes, one is alert and the other one is danger, which puts the message in a red
box and we will display it only if there is an error message.
So we can handle it with the NGF directive.
Finally, we will display the error message.
In the same way, I sure the infamous also in this case, I'll use alert and alert success as Element
Classis.
Then I'll show the booklist with cuts, cards will be displayed in flex mode and it will fit the roll.
So I will have an element and this element will have two classes.
One is the flex and the other one is flex wrap.
Inside it.
I'll carry the cart and I'll add some margin for my cuts.
And on my cuts I want to give it and I want to specify a background color to do it.
I'll use the attribute and the width of cuts can be 200 pixels and the background color might be light
gray.
Then I hit the top.
Then I will use the energy for detective and I show the book details with the card component energy
for is a structural directive that renders a template for each item in a collection.
So our collection is Booklist.
I will render each book item in the book list with the energy for detective.
We can also get the index video from the list with the energy for director.
Then we will have a book icon in the book cart to describe it.
We will use the font awesome eye contact font, awesome for what's it if a I context to describe icons
in English, then we can describe the icon with the icon DirecTV in this tech.
For example, here we describe the book icon so we can use it like this after describing it, we need
some style on it.
For example, we need to centralize it so we use margin quarter for the left and right side.
Then we need to shrink it with font size and we need to colorize it so we can do them with a custom
style function.
Let's create a custom style on home component Cyesis, for example.
We can create it as book icon.
Then the font size of it can be a hundred pixels and the color of it might be orange.
OK, now we can call our Cyesis function from SDM.
Now, let's check it, let's reload the homepage and check it out, open the home from the browser from.
OK, now we have some cuts and these cuts have only book.
Now we will complete body of these cuts.
I carry a division element inside the book.
Cut it.
You'll have a cut by the glass inside it.
I carry the header element.
It will have a car title class next to it.
I'll add a header element for the subtitle.
I will have a cut subtitle class and some margin bottom and the color of it can like a little bit faded.
So it is text made next to it.
I'll add a paragraph element for the description part so the class of it will be cut text.
Finally, I'll add a button for purchase button or buy button.
It will has BTE and class and it will cover the whole Huntingdon's percent with and I'll add some margin
top for it to separate it from the description text.
Then I'll add a style extra bit for it and I specify the background color as green.
Then I hit the top.
And Emmet's billion will take care of the rest of it.
Car title will come from the book item title.
I can describe it with double braces.
As a subtitle, I can show the price of the book item here, I need to show it in USDS format, so I
need to use currency pipe, I use Courant's pipe and the currency will be Usdin.
Then in context, I can show the book description.
Finally, bottom text will be by because I used to purchase the book item.
Then as click here and I'll call the purchase function from the home component and as a parameter I
should pass the book item.
OK, that's OK.
Now let's check it from the browser, then we can test it with different cases.
OK, woodcuts look good when I tried to buy a book with a user, I can purchase it and then I should
see a message like mission is completed, or if I don't sign in or login, then I try to buy a book.
I should see an error message as you should log in to buy a book.
OK, everything looks perfect, that's all.
Thank you.